{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Returning to original tree and will remove from there. Have found at least one example of a protein that has 12 helices but only 11 predicted so it is incorrectly including the first extra helix. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
B9RP82 Ricinus communes in with the plants at about 8 o\'92clock. \
In this instance rather than going through potential lengthy correction process I will just remove for now. Maybe return and fix later\
Also removing quaternary permeases at the root.\
\
Checking other proteins around the ricinus area, B9SWW9 has 11 helices, A0A2K1RA77 has 11, A0A2K1RA81 has 11, B9SA70 is fine, X5CNT2 is fine, B9SXC7 is fine, Q84KJ7 is fine, Q9M6N7 is fine, Q84KJ6 is fine. \
Now going from the root.\
C6VZA0 don\'92t know how much I trust this one. Tm region 9 is a bit weird not a full helix or actually two but will exclude inferred from homology too. \
O26759 there seems to also be an extra helix here, only a small one but it doesn\'92t fit in with data so will exclude. \
C3Y3P8 is strange, seems to be an extra helix ut also the first one is doubled, is this a sequencing error or how it\'92s really like. \
M5S1G0 also a bit dodgy, first TM region is not a helix on alpha fad and there is an extra helix between TM regions so will exclude.\
A0A0M2PZN7 don\'92t trust TM religion prediction, look like 9 is including two helices\
P54144 one of the ones that I did myself, 10 predicted TM regions. Will keep and see what it looks like in the next tree even though it looks crap in this one...\
A9BDN5  has extra helix 8/9/10\
E9HAT0 predicted region and alpha fold don\'92t line up so can\'92t really check if the helices are correct, will exclude, seems like it has 11 but because region don\'92t align will exclude. \
D7UQE4 looks like it has 12 helices but 11 TM regions and it annotated as Rh. Will exclude\
D7UQE3 looks to be the same \
Q7T3R8 SAME\
Q7T067 same\
D2HCE3 no alpha fold to verify but a big gap in between the last TM regions that could hold an extra one so going to include in the exclusion. \
S4TD66 same\
Removing that whole group basically expect the one I did. Maybe should remove that too.\
L1JEX0 Based on how it\'92s performed previously this will go.  \
V4A9D7 Seem to have extra domains and relics and stuff, will remove. \
The proteins at the root look ok so will keep for now.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Removals in the last round have seemed to make a difference to the topology of the tree and I would argue in nice way than before which seemed to throw a lot of groups and make them have longer branches. There are now some clear outliers in this tree that can be safely removed but I will investigate them still.\
\
By removing sequences we are asserting our own idea of what this group should look like, maybe since they are potentially ancient this is just what its like and we should interpret low TBEs as they are if the group above stays together fairly well?\
\
S0AM98 investigated in previous round but kept in, now it is alone, no longer the root and on a really long branch\
\
A0A7M6UML9 1/5 annotation score of 1/5, evidence at transcript level. Long branch length, not with other eukaryotic proteins, doesn\'92t have a structure to look at, there are publications attached to it including one that claims to have found an ammonium transporter but I can\'92t actually find the paper and others don\'92t look at amt directly, it might be one of the proteins with a mismatched predicted tm region/helix arrangement so will exclude. \
\
G8TK79 seems like there is an extra helix in here between TM regions 3 and 4\
\
A0A068NV61 think this one seems ok based on structure. Predicted from homology. Will keep for now I suppose. 12 helices but the first is not predicted as tm so it fits with rest of data\
\
H1YF74 seems ok, 12 helices possibly  \
\
D6TFE1 seems ok?\
\
E9H9L9 structural stuff seems alright, inferred from homology 2/5, TBEs lower down are not very good, is this an example of a group that like Leighton says is subject to greater selection pressures meaning they still might be ammonium transporters but they are different enough from the rest so they repress the other sequences? The group was part of a larger one and detached in the making of this tree suggestion it doesn\'92t really have a proper home. The TBEs within the group are not fantastic either so maybe they don\'92t really belong together and this is just a group of lost proteins that come together because of their dissimilarity with the rest of the tree? only proteins the are similar to this are at 50% and they are from other daphnia species.\
\
E9FWC4 looks ok structurally? 2/5 inferred from homology only proteins the are similar to this are at 50% and they are from two other daphnia species. I think I shall maybe exclude base on this.  \
\
A0A0D2VKX5 only similar protein from 90 to 50% are from same organism, inferred from homology, since it\'92s in this group I wonder if it\'92s worth removing. \
\
Q17663 this is one I added I think because its only got 8 predicted TM regions, 90% similar proteins are from same species but at 505 there is a bt more diversity. I will keep and see what happens to it next round.\
\
V4AP67 structure looks alright, at 50% identity there are other molluscs, is this then a good representative for the molluscs that also might go into this group?\
\
E4YA63 structure looks ok, big loops between helices suggest this might have interesting functions, only proteins within 50% homology are also from same organism. Is this an example of an interesting ammonium transporter that has undergone more selection pressures than the rest and doesn\'92t belong in the tree?\
\
V4A9D7 without even looking gat structure there are no proteins at 50% identity so I think I will exclude base on this. \
\
E4XXT2 only 50% identity in same organism. Will exclude? \
\
A0A2M9D989 1/5, based on the length of the branch and the TBE at the bottom of it I will exclude.\
\
P54144 Was on the cusp of removing this one in the last round but since it was one I had done manually I left it in. Now the other members of that group have gone it seems to have lost its place so will remove\
\
F7XMD8 lower down this group has poor TBE but as a group it seems to be ok, this protein seems quite stable according to TBE too but will investigate since its on a signer branch. Has an extra helix between TM regions 8 and 9. What about rest of group? \
\
Starting with bacteria\
\
K9ZLY2 structure seems alright, diversity of proteins at 50% homology\
\
K9WSX4 same as above really\
\
Q1PX09 same as above again.\
\
E4T3F3 same as above again. \
\
With some of these proteins the predicted TM region doesn\'92t fall on the helix completely. I wonder if the prediction shifts around slightly for each protein potentially giving false differences which are only there because the part of the sequence changes rather than the core sequence?\
\
Archaea now\
\
A0A0E3WZH5 Seems to be ok mostly\
\
A0A0G3CAR5 seems alright\
\
A0A0E3R4G0 same\
\
Archaea group\
\
D7E934 Seems alright \
\
D5E995 same\
\
Q466Y3 same\
\
A0A0E3QYF3 SAME\
\
A0A0E3SHQ9 SAME\
\
Moving on\
\
A4CMI3 seems alright, lots of proteins at 50% identity and structure vs Tm predictions look ok.\
\
A0A066ZRQ5 has a big tail, is this just bad protein prediction or does it actually have this? Seems alright otherwise and TBEs are good I will keep.\
\
 F4Y3C5 structure seems ok but only proteins within 50% identity are mostly other Moorena (20/27) not sure what this means, I will keep as I am trying not to remove too many\'85 TBE is not great though 0.6\
\
Q1K3N8 TBE not great but lots of proteins at 50% identity and structure vs TM prediction is fine. Not sure.\
\
H1XV27 looks ok I guess\
\
D2V6P8 in the rhesus group, has 12 helices, only two other Naegleria proteins at 50% identity, seems like a rhesus and does belong here\
\
A9V5W4\
\
Actually will not go through the rhesus group. As a whole it seems fine and I don\'92t think removing will change any other parts of the tree. \
\
A0A0B4DVJ9 \
\
Q0G2U1\
\
I0I540 these all look ok but I think in the context of the group I reckon I should get rid of these, not sure though. \
\
K9Z0D3 I think this is fine.\
\
F7XP68 Not sure\'85\
\
D9QQK4 will remove both of these\
\
Group on right of tree\
\
A0A977NL98\
\
R1CIA4 Structure looks ok but no proteins at 50% similarity, based on that and branch length I think it should go\
\
D2V1J4 Structure is fine but only proteins at 50% similarity are also Naeglaria, I wonder if this whole group should go?\
\
Q9BLG4 Structure looks ok, but again this group maybe isn\'92t good? Though as a group it seems ok?\
\
F0ZWG6 Same as before\
\
Back in plant group\
\
Q9M6N7 Seems ok? Certainly less dodgy than other proteins I am removing so will keep. 
\f1\b\fs48 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
}